Counts and Lists: Improvements to SDK docs (#3569)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/docs/Guides/Client SDKs/_index.md

### Counters And Lists

{{< alpha title="Counters And Lists" gate="CountsAndLists" >}}

The `Counters` and `Lists` features in the SDK offer a flexible configuration for tracking various entities like 
players, rooms, and sessions.

Declared keys and default values for Counters and Lists are specified in
[`GameServer.Spec.Counters` and `GameServer.Spec.Lists`][gameserverspec] respectively.

Modified Counter and List values and capacities will be updated
in [`GameServer.Status.Counters` and `GameServer.Status.Lists`][gameserverstatus] respectively.

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}
The SDK batches mutation operations every 1 second for performance reasons. However, changes made and subsequently 
retrieved through the SDK will be atomically accurate through the SDK, as those values are tracked within the 
SDK Server sidecar process.

Changes made through Allocation or the Kubernetes API to
[`GameServer.Spec.Counters` and `GameServer.Spec.Lists`]({{< ref "/docs/Reference/agones_crd_api_reference.html#agones.dev/v1.GameServerSpec" >}})
will be eventually consistent when being retrieved through the SDK.

> In the event where a Counter or List may extend past the maximum capacity Allocation/API changes to
> [`GameServer.status`]({{< ref "/docs/Reference/agones_crd_api_reference.html#agones.dev/v1.GameServerStatus" >}}) values
> while a batched Counter or List modification operation has yet to be applied, those values will be silently truncated to
> the capacity of that Counter or List.

Reviewer: This is still confusing. Subject -> Verb -> Object is an easier format to understand. 

```suggestion
The Agones SDK server batches the update operations of [`GameServer.Status.Counters` and `GameServer.Status.Lists`][gameserverstatus] asynchronously. This means that if you update [`GameServer.status`]({{< ref "/docs/Reference/agones_crd_api_reference.html#agones.dev/v1.GameServerStatus" >}}) values through both the SDK and the Allocation/Kubernetes API, the batch processing may silently truncate some of those values to the capacity of that Counter or List.
```

Author: Thank you! That does read much better. Adding change and updating!

However, changes made through Allocation or the Kubernetes API to `GameServer` List and Counter values will be 
eventually consistent when being retrieved through the SDK.

Since the SDK update operations back to the 
[`GameServer.status`]({{< ref "/docs/Reference/agones_crd_api_reference.html#agones.dev/v1.GameServerStatus" >}}) values
is batched asynchronously, it is worth noting that any value incremented past a counter or list capacity may be silently

> truncated to the currently set capacity if modified concurrently through the SDK and Allocation/Kubernetes API.

Author: Took a stab at a rewrite, I think it reads better, but PTAL and let me know what you think!

> truncated to the currently set capacity if modified concurrently through the SDK and Allocation/Kubernetes API.

Author: Just bumping to see if this update makes more sense?

{{< /alert >}}

#### Counters

All functions will return an error if the specified `key` is not predefined in the 
[`GameServer.Spec.Counters`][gameserverspec] resource configuration.

##### Alpha().GetCounterCount(key)

> This function retrieves either the [`GameServer.Status.Counts[key].Count`][gameserverstatus] or the SDK awaiting-batch

Author: Blah, thank you! I'm going to break that habit eventually.

value for a given key, whichever is most up to date.

##### Alpha().SetCounterCount(key, amount)

> This function sets the value of [`GameServer.Status.Counts[key].Count`][gameserverstatus] for the given key to the

Author: OMG. I didn't push these changes 🤦🏻

[`GameServer.Spec.Lists`][gameserverspec] resource configuration.

##### Alpha().AppendListValue(key, value)

This function appends the specified string value to the List
in [`GameServer.Status.Lists[key].Values`][gameserverstatus].

An error is returned if the string already exists in the list or if the list is at capacity.

##### Alpha().DeleteListValue(key, value)

This function removes the specified string value from the List
in [`GameServer.Status.Lists[key].Values`][gameserverstatus].

An error is returned if the string does not exist in the list.

##### Alpha().SetListCapacity(key, amount)

This function sets the maximum capacity for the List at [`GameServer.Status.Lists[key].Capacity`][gameserverstatus].

The capacity value is required to be between 0 and 1000.

##### Alpha().GetListCapacity(key)

This function retrieves either the [`GameServer.Status.Lists[key].Capacity`][gameserverstatus] or the SDK
awaiting-batch value for the given key, whichever is most up to date.

##### Alpha().GetListValues(key)

This function retrieves either the [`GameServer.Status.Lists[key].Values`][gameserverstatus] or the SDK

> awaiting-batch value for the given key, whichever is most up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
awaiting-batch values array for the given key, whichever is most up to date.
```

##### Alpha().ListContains(key, value)

Convenience function, which returns if the specific string value exists in the results
of [`Alpha().GetListValues(key)`](#alphagetlistvalueskey).

##### Alpha().GetListLength(key)

> Convenience function, which retrieves the length the results of [`Alpha().GetListValues(key)`](#alphagetlistvalueskey).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Convenience function, which retrieves the length of the results of [`Alpha().GetListValues(key)`](#alphagetlistvalueskey).
```
